Update anti-spam-policies-asf-settings-about.md (#11002)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/anti-spam-policies-asf-settings-about.md

## Increase spam score settings

> The following **Increase spam score** ASF settings results in an increase in spam score and therefore a higher chance of getting marked as spam with SCL of 5 or 6, which corresponds to a **Spam** filter verdict and the corresponding action in anti-spam policies. Note that not every email which matches below settings will be marked as spam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following **Increase spam score** ASF settings result in an increase in spam score and therefore a higher chance of getting marked as spam with a spam confidence level (SCL) of 5 or 6, which corresponds to a **Spam** filter verdict and the corresponding action in anti-spam policies. Note that not every email that matches the following settings will be marked as spam.
```
